c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\WindowsService1.exe.config
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\WindowsService1.exe
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\WindowsService1.pdb
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\obj\Debug\WindowsService1.exe
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\obj\Debug\WindowsService1.pdb
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\obj\Debug\WindowsService1.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\obj\Debug\WindowsService1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\uninstall.cmd
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\install.cmd
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\truong.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\bin\Debug\WindowsService1.XML
C:\Users\Truong.Nguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost_Service\WindowsService1\obj\Debug\WindowsService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
